- [Chris] I just want to thank you for watching my course.
Let's recap.
We built a reactive, full-stack application
using Spring Boot and Angular.
We modeled our application after the Landon Hotel.
We walked through some high-level flows in our application.
Then we built a reactive Spring REST API
and we also build a Reactive Angular front end app.
If you want to learn more about the topic,
check out my courses Reactive Programming with Java 8
and Reactive Spring in our learning library.
You should now have a solid foundation
for building a reactive application
in Reactive Spring and Angular.
I wish you luck as you continue your learning journey.
Now get out there and start building your own
reactive application with Spring and Angular.